#Inferno
A writing assignment:

The city has suffered a rather humid spring, burdened with the kind of wetness that seeps in through your skin and settles in your soul. The dense air forced her into disheveled state. An insatiable hunger, an overpowering desire filled her. For what?She was not sure. On days like this one, where the sky hung low, she was always early to work. She opens the Deli’s door and walks inside, beginning the morning rituals. As she pulls up the blinds, she sees the scornful sky nurturing a yellow bruise, like a delicate drop of yolk.

In the kitchen, she switches on the coffee machine, letting it warm up before the morning crowd rushes in. Immediately, the entire café is saturated with the rich aroma. A rich tango of dark bitterness and hints of fruit engulfs her. In some places, coffee is considered to be aphrodisiac. She saunters towards the oven. Heat caresses her, whispering that the owner had already started the baking for the day. She opens the oven, tests the crust before methodically putting the bread in a basket. Steam rises from each roll of bread like petals flowering from soft buds. Two white rolls were stuck together. She pinches them, smiling, and sets the basket on the counter for display. Where the lips of the bread meet, the crust is the softest.

A bell sounds as the door is opened. Is the closed sign not clear enough? She glares. Her contempt soon becomes intrigue as she spins around to find a large man in the doorway. His robust form moves swiftly around the room. He wanders, like a lost faery child, innocent but provocative. The sound of his steps imitates the crunch of bell peppers, crisp and fresh.

She notices his curls, like shavings of Boule de Lille, vivacious, fine for cooking, find for eating, excellent for crudités. The blood-orange colour compels her to think of succulent oranges, of biting into their juicy flesh. Their citrus taste, a tangy excitement, overtakes her senses. The confidence he wore with such bold colour was suffocating. Irresistible. Her eyes trace down his neck. Its creamy white beauty mimics the oval cake on the counter. The cake’s chocolate skin hides pistachio nuts, peach mousse, passion fruit, and cream – silky, smooth. Does his skin conceal such ambrosial jewels as well? His shirt clings to his body, rising and falling with each breath. His muscular forearms are tender drumsticks, untouched. She licks her lips, casting her gaze even lower.

Suddenly, he is closer. She strolls, matching his strides, to the register. She studies his visage. His eyes: perfect round blueberries, ripening sweetness. They roll past the sandwiches, stopping abruptly on the kissing bread. He opens his mouth, like an open invitation, and pauses, brows puckered in concentration.

“Can I have a roll of bread and a small cup of coffee please?”

“That will be three dollars.” She smiles demurely.

He draws out a five dollar bill, leaning in to hand it to her. His musk is strong, seeping in through her skin, settling into her soul.

As he opens his hand to accept the change, her fingers dash across his palm, quick as a slicing knife.

She parts her lips, ready to devour.