#Chantel
The tangled feelings that came after Chantel:

Take me to your leader. My assignment is to kill off all branches, assassinate oxygen, and kidnap the colour green. All membranes are to be exterminated. No evidence is to remain. You will have nowhere to go. Nowhere but here. I am a spider, spinning cheap silk and weaving selectively permeable networks. Memory is what we choose to forget. Do you still remember me? My name starts with a B and ends in estfriend. Does that ring a bell? Or did Silence already replace my title? I hope he puts on these burning shoes and dance all the way into my web. I want to choke stab slice strangle until he screams, defying nature, and then, diminishing. In the great distance between you and I, only the quiet tap of leaves is performing. Everything else must suffer the vanishing pointe.

I love you because you are an adorable blowfish monster. You are the thorny one with the orange lipstick; the one to squish me until I laugh with shining eyes. But sometimes I bite my teeth, instead, and smile until they bleed. Really, blood is just as red on white as it is on black. I hate you because you only open your lips to them. They who ask you, politely, after you’ve laid everything everything you have on their soul, oh, is that imported ketchup? It does have quite a disturbing colour, doesn’t it?

You have taken,

That texture of milk,

Leaving just the whiteness.

I don’t know.

I don’t know.

I don’t know.

Heat peels off the walls,

Dripping down your collar bones,

Hitting the bottom of your throat

With a broken thud.

It slowly sinks in,

Seeps through,

Resting on the top of your ribs,

Weighing down each breath.

Don’t listen to him.

He belongs to the dark side of the sun where fantasies of artistic murder and romantic rape are written in golden linen. You should leave him to those glorious creatures. Leave him to be swallowed alive. I want to see with my own eyes the annihilation of all those words and voices and sinister musicality. Sun drops splinter from your eyes and tickle my forehead. You tell me that no, violence is only employed by small children and large nations. I try to see through your ship wreck. But there are only marbles and shouted arguments, voices carried by sunbeams, in glass hands, in tender skin.

Your shoes are made of ocean. They pool around your feet like little ducklings waiting to fly. The ghost of your skin smudges the wall, writing hymns of mourning, bleeding corrosive melodies. I cry until my lungs are dry. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? My home is lost amongst the caged bedspring and filthy silk sheets. I can not find you because I am a coward. I am afraid. There is no way for me to run through Noah’s land with bare feet. I need shoes. And no.  No no no no no. I can not step into yours.

When every road is the less travelled by, which one do you choose? Let’s play rock, paper, scissors. See who gets stoned and who gets skewered. In another place, another time, name is everything. Who are you? In this other land, this other time, you are wrestling in the night. When the sun slides across the horizon, you have lost and gained everything. An angel asks what is your name? There is no pause, no hesitance. The truth about history is that I am lost.

I remember you as the girl with burnt pineapple eyes; the one with caramel laughs and candied-apple smiles, the one with a perpetual open door that whispers you are welcome here. No matter how things have changed.

Is that considered a lie?

You empty my half glass of water, carve open my eyes. I can not see. If the blind leads the blind, both shall fall into the ditch. These bloodlines are finally set free. I lift them to the sky and they fly and fly and fly and steal away my unspoken dreams. Someday they will reach you in your grave, and paint pictures for you to hear. Your ears, your knees, and your wrists pink with blush are all drawn neatly on the inside of my mouth where they orchestrate my words in symphonic lines. I throw ultra-absorbent paper towels at your feet. When it ends I feel horribly better. I become a less pathetic person. When you ask me where to go, I say I am blind, I have no vision.