Procrastinating right now.. 

Here are some things that have happened: 

- You watched as your peers surpassed you in ambition and success. Even the ones who you regard as less, they are doing more.  

- Dance partner might be leaving Canada forever. Until this reminder, you generally disregarded his presence. Yet through your past writing, it is evident that he left a significant mark. 

- I mean without him you might not have ended up in this totally unrelated relationship, this totally confusing relationship. On one hand, you are the one that made the suggestion. You are the powerful, unabashed, seductive vixen that snatched up the scorpion at the depth of his misery. You entered into this labyrinth to satisfy your own curiosity and desire. On the other, every time he calmly describes his obsession with her, you turn jealousy into pain, at suggestion that no boy has wanted you to such intensity. You know that it is not true. And still, you are having that permanent problem in your though process. What is wrong with you initiating every encounter? It puts you in control, yet you want to run from it as if its a tsunami. Are you still so insecure? Even after the confirmation of oh-so-many admirers? 

- Speaking of which, this translates to oh-so-many subtle and awkward situations. Human relations... How incredibly delicate..  

- Umbrella tree was quite beautiful. The warm branches wrap around a perfect, secluded space for lovers. 

- Stop being disappointed in yourself and start doing shit. It's not over until I win.  