#Dhamma
This is just a compilation of short notes, the many thoughts during a week of silence. Never forget how strange it was not to have an influx of information constantly. During this mental diet, it was much easier for your own feelings and ideas to float to the surface. I do not doubt that this will be useful in the future.

- On contrast: The infinite blue sky, the crisp white clouds – they are only so beautiful in complement of each other. In the same way, the incredible deliciousness of your food stems only from hunger. The loudness of regular conversation only exists because of silence. Your appreciation of any accomplishments will only come from your suffering. What tales of triumph will you tell at the dinner table?

- You have so much determination and persistence in you. Just look for it. Try to remember how much pain you were in, and how easy it was to escape; how as each minute passed, the struggle would multiply. Yet for that simple hour, you obeyed your mind. An hour of strong determination.

- There is enough strength on your own. You do not need the comfort of another.

- Dearest bull, your love for him was misguided. It focused on what he could do for you. His role as a savior, his dreams as a security blanket, his ambition as your future. If anything, please love him for him, for his cute smile, for his steadfast devotion, for his talkative nature. Your future should be built by you alone. They may involve other people, but you are the main character. Lead your own life.

- It is alright to feel anxious, overwhelmed, sad, lonely, scared; it is simply a sensation. There’s no reason to feel craving or aversion to your feelings; they undulate as the tide, forever changing, impermanence. And above all, you are strong enough to handle a few waves. Everything will pass.

- Curious, passionate, inspirational, confident, wise, succulent, captivating, articulate, elegant.

- Being elegant is not just how you carry yourself, it’s about how aware you are of others. Being captivating is not about how interesting you are, but how you make others feel. Because what they crave is that feeling, not any remarks that you can provide.

- You must walk the path, no one else can do it for you. They can tell you how to, but that is the extent to which their ability reaches.

- Rejecting the gift of negativity. As simple as asking someone to leave.