On Saturday, the scorpion almost ended things. He brought up your selfish, impulsive decision while he is making responsible, financial decisions. But you felt no regret. 

Like the faces of the moon
Like the ever shifting water 
You will always crave change

His comments made you seriously consider a life of stillness. What would you do if you could not go? What would you do if you faced those real life walls, those unavoidable barriers? Maybe, as with water, you would look for the small crevices, the miniscule leaks, and slide through. Neither the bull nor the scorpion could hold you. You simply slip through the fingers, leaving small mists of yourself behind, wetness. Eventually, all evidence will evaporate. 

At first, you make grandiose promises to him. Promising servitude as a wife. But even as you whisper them, you know they are not true. Thankfully, you remember the reason for your shared beginning. As uncoventional and embarassing as it is, your beginning had sparked passion in both of you. At a time when it is so hard to see, it was nice to be reminded of a shared dream of adventure. It's hard to imagine a responsible, adult life with the scorpion. But at least neither of you will give up. 

Yet. 

The next day you spend with a new goat. So unfamiliar. 

You are impressed by his attention to detail. Noticing that you are cold, switching your dirty glass, asking for permission for simple things. You are touched by his kindness. Offering to take you places, making sure you are alright. This is so unlike the people you surround yourself with. This is enough for you to question his sexuality. Even so, you are infatuated. 