#Everything is possible but nothing is free
You begin to worry about securing that visa. How were you so worry free before? Suddenly the previously expansive skies of Shepparton are now oppressive. Each uniform line of fruit trees rise up one after the other, as if counting each second as it passes. And then each minute, each day. The small joy of getting a day off transforms into a heavy burden. Each day of rest is borrowed from the future. It means your return to the life you want is delayed once again. 

At the same time, you are in the same situation all over again. Your future is tied with another. Always tied. I thought you came all this way for freedom and independence. I thought you learned from that first dream. Your future place is not beside someone. Be the center of your own life. That someone is a bonus. You are compromising for the future in the present. It doesn't make sense. Do it girl. If you dreamed it, do it. Fuck all else. Work. 

At this point, the worst case scenario is you waste your time in this small mindless town. You do not secure your second year visa. And you must return to Canada. But for some reason Jack has discovered the truth. You have nowhere to go and you have to bear the hurt you created. What's next? You are out of money. Apply for another working holiday? Keep running? Escape everything again?

You have to realize that you are not escaping from real life. You are living it . Your real life does not pause for anything. It is not on hold. It keeps counting. All these days you spent wandering, whether you learn anything or not, they are tallies. You trade your youth for freedom. Realize that you can never trade back.