#All the best for you
On the day I return from Thailand, I am exhausted from a long flight and a long commute back into the city. I barely unpack my things. There is so much for me to do. But the only thing on my agenda is to see him. 

As I wait for his truck to appear, I feel a pang of self-pity. I remember all the times I waited for Jack in the parking garage. I would anxiously stare at my phone, always afraid that for some insane reason he will not show up. That old fear of abandonment cropping up everywhere and always. As time passed, I learned that Jack was just as anxious to see me. Suddenly, the waiting becomes something sweet, and a tiny bit dangerously codependent. Now, as I sit at the intersection, glancing at every truck that drives by, I feel the same insecurity. In a quick second it is gone. I can see him waiting on the other side of the road, smiling, waving me over. 

After some shameful Facebook stalking, I learn that it has not been long since his long term break up. This is a surprise. He's admitted to several instances of infidelity, but I cannot piece together a logical timeline. It doesn't matter. In any case, I am probably just a rebound. Perhaps he is just after intimacy, not really me. This doesn't faze me. 

I keep thinking back to the times he asked about when I realize he was interested, and what I liked about him. After all he is just another human, with his own insecurities and need for acceptance. Sexual history is separate from emotional welfare. This is so obvious and logical yet I was still blinded by the stereotype. With this in perspective, many of his actions seem to make more sense. Such as moving so fast, always trying to impress me with long term prospects, giving too much information, and being vulnerable so quickly. And the sadness in his eyes whenever he speaks of the past. 

I have this stupid notion that he is a broken bird, and my purpose is to nurse him back to health. I do this at risk of straying from the path of my own life. The very thing he had protected his ex from. 

It always bothered me why you never hesitated to be so vulnerable with me, even when I would repeatedly tell you that I was unavailable. How could you always accepted this future, without asking for more. At first, I thought you just wanted sex, but then you asked for my attention too. Why could you ask for my long term plans but still be okay with my eventual absence? Maybe because that's all you think you deserve. 

I really hope you can find the one that ticks all the boxes, even the boxes that you didn't know existed.