#Engineering Design
Throughout the first two years of Engineering Science, I have continually been asked to define engineering design. Initially, I had viewed it as a holistic approach to problem solving. In my first year portfolio, I wrote that engineering design is the optimal balance between realism and idealism. With engineering, one must be meticulous and practical. With design, one must be imaginative and ambitious. The combination of this pair allows the discovery of good solutions.

Since then, my idea of engineering design has changed slightly. After experiencing many more technical challenges, along with more well-defined environments, I am more inclined to view engineering design, with all its tools and philosophies, as a framework for optimization. One key experience in this recognition is the completion of the capstone project of ESC471.

##Project experience

###Year 1

Praxis I – Energy Plug > designed an energy-saving power bar for household use

CIV I – Cardboard Bridge > designed and constructed a cardboard bridge to withstand specifications

Praxis II – Bicycle Post Configuration > identified a bicycle post configuration problem in Toronto downtown core

Praxis II – Urban Window Farming > designed a indoor farming system for lower income urban residents

###Year 2

AER201 – Robot Project > designed and constructed an autonomous machine that sorts and packs dowels

James Ham Award – Workplace Safety App > designed a conceptual app for workplace safety awareness

#Wash
The first step of any problem solving is, of course, to understand the problem. To achieve this, complete immersion in the project, in its environment, is needed. This was a concept that I was very well familiar with. In first year, the first criticism I had received on my design work was for failure to seek out references and explore the market environment. That incident had left a significant impression on me. Indeed, in all later projects, I paid particular attention to research prior to design. As Richard Feynman said: “I am at the end of 400 years of a very effective method of finding things out about the world.” [1] Countless previous work has led to our project, so we must utilize past results as best as we can.

In previous projects, this involved scavenging data reports for useful information, interviewing multiple stakeholders to identify problems, and studying designs of similar function. In ESC471 in particular, this included researching previous or current pedagogical content involving 3D printing, much of which was not included in any final reports. Similarly, I searched for alternative motors and wheels only to determine that the current ones were most optimal. Although those components were not included in the final design, the research for alternatives was crucial in moving forward in the project.

Being able to do effective research about reference designs, previous works, and guidelines was certainly helpful, but the greatest challenge in the capstone project was interacting with real, live stakeholders. Somewhat laughably, I realized I had been sheltered in all other design projects I had completed. In ESC471, our stakeholders were real individuals, some with power to put certain motions into action. Most importantly, they were truly invested in our project. This added a new layer of responsibility and motivation. In order to not disappoint students and teachers who had volunteered their time and attention, we pushed forward with the project rapidly.

Almost all of our stakeholders were associated with the TDSB (Toronto District School Board), an audience with which I was very unfamiliar. Communication with our stakeholders needed to be both appropriate and easily understood. This was my primary role in the group. Through email, phone, and in person conversations, I interacted with key individuals to understand the problem, the environment, and potential solutions. Furthermore, I was responsible for the presentation of our project at the STEM showcase. This task was certainly not as simple as I had imagined. As an engineer, I am trained in all kinds of quantitative analysis and communication of conclusive results. Instead, in ESC471, I needed to modify my language and exercise my EQ.

In our initial lesson plan iterations, Roberta Tevlin chuckled at the use of “constraints” and “criteria.” It became obvious that our engineering vocabulary needed definition and repetition for students (and teachers) to understand. Later, in discussing the project with other TDSB personnel, I adapted my language to fit that used in the TDSB curriculum.

With invested stakeholders outside of the University of Toronto, I needed to maintain neutrality and be sensitive to different situations. In the search for the last classroom for iteration, two other schools were under consideration. This involved admitting to faults in our project and seeking help. It also involved maintaining neutral language surrounding our target demographic. Although not traditionally associated with engineering, I feel that communication of such nature is both inevitable and crucial to my future career. 

[1]     R. Feynman, "TAKE THE WORLD FROM ANOTHER POINT OF VIEW," Yorkshire Television, Yorkshire, 1973.

#Rinse
After being immersed in the environment of the problem, potential solutions can be easily found. However, determining which solution is the most ideal, or how to modify for optimization, is the real challenge. Here, pre-defined criteria and constraints allowed peripheral designs to be rinsed away. The use of decision-matrix methods gave us a complete understanding of the strengths and faults of our solutions. 

Sure enough, after speaking with the Toronto Public Library, and conversing with Roberta Tevlin, we had generated several directions with which the project could go. However, each direction involved myriad variables, like software choice, material choice, and pedagogical relevance. With the overwhelming number of options, having a previously defined criteria in the design brief document was a relief. Despite a bias towards improving student experience above all, we adhered to our proposal in the design brief in considering teacher experience (with reliability, maintainability, and durability) first. Indeed, as we first stated, teacher experience was crucial as a bottleneck in allowing the project to move forward. Similarly, when Roberta suggested using a commercial "flying pig" to teach circular motion, it was clear that the primary criteria, reliability, would not be met. With real stakeholders and real consequences, it became increasingly clearer that design briefs are vital contracts between designer and stakeholders. Once in agreement, the design brief can be, and should be, relied upon. 


In other projects, Pugh charts were often completed solely for a checkmark. In ESC471, my team consistently referred to Pugh charts to both confirm the validity of our decisions, and to explain our decisions to stakeholders. For example, after thoroughly considering our software choices, several teachers at the TDSB STEM Showcase inquired about other software options. We were able to share our analysis with them simply. In this case, it was not only a decision-making tool but also a communication tool. 

#Repeat
Finally, the most important lesson I learned in ESC471 is the importance of iteration. This was the first design project in which I was able to iterate so quickly and consistently. In previous projects, iteration seemed like an afterthought, a great option if there was time. In ESC471, iteration was inevitable and essential. I was able to witness how rapid iteration affected our design process. In addition, the students we interacted with reaffirmed the need for iteration in learning. 

Due to the pressure of the teaching schedule, after each workshop we scrambled proceed with optimization, and to improve new faults we had discovered. We repeated the wash and rinse steps over and over again, as fast as we could. The design for the chassis was slightly modified each time we brought it to students. Subsequently, the students would illuminate several areas of improvement. Similarly, our knowledge of delivering pedagogical content was slim initially. Scheduling early workshops (as checkpoints) allowed us to test the lesson plans quickly and with minimal risk. Immediately, we discovered the importance of downtime management in the classroom. Having no experience as educators previously, this idea had escaped our design plan. Rapid iterations allowed us to minimize any downtime by the final deadline. Furthermore, rapid iterations affirmed our belief in the optimization of the final product. We could present the final design at the STEM showcase with confidence that all common questions would be covered. 

One interesting feedback from students was that iteration is incredibly engaging. When offered the opportunity to redesign their propellers, students would always take it with enthusiasm. And of course, the designs after iteration were much more effective. This is not an option that is often offered in education. It allowed me to see an area in which an engineering design philosophy could benefit a general process. 

#Together
The team dynamic I experienced in ESC471 was a bit different to what I was accustomed to. In previous group coursework and in extracurricular activities, I usually adopted an active leading role. However, in ESC471, I recognized that at least two others were similar in personality. In consequence, I attempted to embrace a facilitating role. Instead of working on one particular portion of the design, I was primarily responsible for communication with and presentation to stakeholders. Of course, I also contributed to miscellaneous tasks as they were needed (such as checking with vendors and longer print jobs). In facilitating workshops, I was responsible for observing student experience and creating materials that students have access to. A selection of my individual work and other project files are attached. 

I felt that our team was able to work effectively and efficiently. In particular, after continually pushing forward with iterations, we were able to recognize the need for a break, for reflection. During this break, we improved the chassis structure significantly. One issue we can improve on is flexibility in our idea of a final product. Although we had initially defined a complete Tippett center kit as a final product, we had not reached a further stage in our conversation with the Tippett center by the final deadline. However, due to various time constraints, we were unable to agree on the format of the final delivery efficiently. I feel that more team meetings would certainly facilitate this. 

#Bleed
The experience of ESC471 emphasized the importance of predefined quantitative metrics and rigorous decision-making methods. Furthermore, it demonstrated the effectiveness of rapid iteration in all kinds of design and learning. In problem solving, iteration will unequivocally lead to an optimized answer. Wash. Rinse. Repeat.

The skills I used in ESC471 were primarily instilled from first year Praxis projects. However, I was able to gain many new skills in communication and project management through ESC471.

Throughout the duration of the ESC471 project, engineering design methods have been bleeding into other areas of life. In particular, I will be applying engineering design to my thesis. Previously, I had viewed it with a traditionally scientific perspective: make hypothesis, take measurements, and then make a change. Now, I will seek to design a system optimized for discovery and enhanced performance by applying engineering design methods, with the aid of iteration.  

