A note from the beginning of this journey:

Today I met H. He is so passionate about his interests, too, like all memorable people I meet. At every meeting like this, this unspoken beauty never ceases to mesmerize me. He , too, is interested in the theoretical, in philosophy. Does science ultimately lead there? Like all Wikipedia articles? Does philosophy sum up the entirety of human thought and existence? This makes particular sense as Plato thought of philosophy as science. However, the fundamental difference being that science is a process of experimenting.

He made me question my oh-so-clear goal. On one hand, I do not want to do theoretical research, as I am really more passionate about developing and experimenting with materials. On the other, I know that the path I have chosen only has results past grad school. Yet grad school most definitely promises theoretical research. And in addition, engineering science, as an educational choice, will most definitely lower my chances of being admitted into grad school. What do I really want to do? I really need to find the facts about the path I want.

I wonder if it is possible to cultivate passion, interest, wonder. I want to be impressed by delta-epsilon. I want to be passionate about what I am learning, the way I once was. I still remember clearly that memory of my first physics class where the simple concepts of projectile motion were enough to make me excited. That spark, I miss it. “I once had an appetite for life.” I want it back.

I want it back.

Another very interesting point that H talked about was being “political.” He has a habit of noticing people, noticing obscure things, in the same way, perhaps, that Patti and I used to. (Somehow, I think I’ve lost this ability. In one memory, Patti is on the phone and we’re “analyzing humanity.” ) Anyways, then he mentions the notion of being “political.” In other words, using relationships and acquaintances to advance oneself, being Machiavellian  I hate these type of people. But I am beginning to see, more and more now, the necessity of being resourceful  Why is it that “networking” sounds so harmless… And wouldn’t it be nice if hard work and success were still proportional to each other, like the way it is so often told by Chinese parents, like the way it is so often imagined by diligent students…