#D x2
D, how innocent I was then:

Perhaps it was the rain. Giving you confidence. and assurance. Letting you down. Holding my hand. In the rain with wet socks. Your treasure is in your arms. At your command. Yet unreachable. So close yet so closed off behind that wall. Or do you not see it at all? Is it only a game, a chase? Do you only enjoy it while it lasts? Is there no meaning, no depth? Just quick and fast.

I want to die of embarrassment and shame. Stab myself until I feel nothing at all. I want to bite my lips off until they are raw with blood. So grotesque that no one will look at me, much less come close. Back into my shell. There is no magic at all. Just you, is all.

I want to murder you, saving me from myself. End of crumpled eyebrows and painful cringes. But nothing changes. Nothing ever changes. I am bad with confrontations and you are worse yet. Is there no end? Climb out of the labyrinth and die while you can still fly. I will never be ready and you will never lose your tie.

They pay you one cent for your soul, but a thousand for a kiss.

—————————————————————-

Perhaps it’s the things left unsaid that speak the loudest. Or it’s the thoughts I push away that are the most true. Perhaps it’s the forbidden feelings that are the most beautiful. Or that only in awkward moments will we find grace. Perhaps it’s the distorted reality that I should trust in. Perhaps in amidst chaos, there is order and peace. Perhaps someday we really will live to see our dreams. Perhaps, then, we’ll be able to forgive ourselves. And perhaps, someday, I will learn to love you.