#没有奋力的时候读一读
 1. He got picked on a train. 3600 with no stress.

2. He is a little more prepared. Off to intense futures. 10.5K just for the summer.

3. Not trying means below average.

4. Honest effort means you will do well.

5. 4/20, then 6/20. Lift your head, you’ve failed, nothing to be afraid of now.

6. NSERC in 3rd year.

7. An interview for all resumes submitted.

8. Don’t be afraid. 不要怕。

9. He made fun of your understanding. Undermined your determination. Do not forget. If these people exist in your life, cut them out. The people that you surround yourself with will either push you to higher ground or the bottom rung.

10. 不要忘了心慌的感觉。面对着一片白纸，手握着需要的工具，脑里充满了公式，却无法写出答案。害怕的心默默地再抖，不要这样让后悔的过去决定你的未来。

11. Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.

12. Motivation gets the running shoes on, determination gets you through the last lap. Motivation gets you to sit down at the computer, determination gets you through the writer’s block. Motivation is needed to start planning, determination is needed to finish executing.

13. If you feel the need to complain about something change it. If it’s out of your control, change yourself. If you are unhappy, change it. You are worth more than this. Do not forget your value.

14. A woman who seeks to be equal to men lacks ambition. Behind every successful woman is herself.

15. What’s your favourite position? Mother fucking CEO.

16. He was at MIT; now starting a nano start up. Where will you be in 2 years, my dear? No need to follow his path. Go higher and farther.