#Submit
I wonder if you know 
How often you are in my thoughts
I want to tell you
Instead, I tap your face on whatsapp

I check what time you were last seen

----

You're not the one
Stop trying to be

Just another conquest
But it's okay
You got the real Bali experience 

God but you're afraid 
That you are that trophy again
The pretty one
The broken one

Why are you so afraid of fitting into a box

---

The more detail I recall the more I realize how unreliable my narrative is. Without meaning to, I automatically assume the victim role - things are done to me, not by me. This is a combined result of deeply ingrained gender stereotyping and force of habit from childhood. 

All this while I was preoccupied with whether or not he planned for anything to happened. Whether or not he had been nudging us towards this direction the entire time. I was obsessed with deciphering which of his words were truth or lie. 

When really I should have been asking whether or not I had been planning. Because the answer is I had. 

And then the whole script flips around. 

I have so much control. 

---

Power is hard to hold. This one moment in Danish Girl sticks out in my mind. Gerda, so visually feminine, brush in hand, tell her subject: it is difficult for a man to submit to a woman’s gaze. I think about this power dynamic, about the gaze. About submission, about surrender. I relive every moment from Bali. I no longer feel any kind of shame or vulnerability. 

I still obsess though, because it is now habit. I still need validation. 

But in everyday actions, I begin to notice my own masculinity. I notice when I take care of someone. I notice when I walk with confidence. I notice when I leer. I even feel my own sexuality shift in the slightest. 